I shall not be defeated if you defeat me
I will simply return again and again I
am immortal
I cannot be vanquished to be that's the
mmm-hmm
I want you to hold all this to go back
to the way you were
the genie of the lamp is supposed to
grant three wishes am i right
I will never grant any wish from the
likes of you huh my first wish
bring Shara back to life my buddy my
buddy
my second wish returned the Arabian
Nights to the way they were so that the
world can have its stories again
my third wish a razor gin you shall live
out the rest of time trapped inside your
lamp as you were in days of all
Oh
Cara they know you're there please stop
him we can start over the two of us I
swear I swear it
the world is mine they cannot be denied
by that filthy rat I told you I'm not a
rat
I'm a hedgehog sharra will you grant me
one more wish hmm I wish for a mountain
of handkerchiefs now just let yourself
cry as much as you need to you'll have
plenty of handkerchiefs to help you
through it